Version 0.01.000
----------------

[Content]
Architecture of the program. Main classes for interpretation and compilation.
Unit tests for all classes and each functionality. Additionally to the game
elements used in demo - also properties and items are redy to use, however 
they will be used in next version demo game. Here are included as proof of 
concept only.

[Functionality]
Dispalys location info and reads command from the user. Location defines exit 
command, which is properely executed when user specifies defined command

Version 0.01.001
----------------

[Content]
Realm was added to location. Realm allow defining common set of commands for
given location. each command from realm can be covered by the commad from location
Files structure was reorganized and game mock functionality extends by testing
console for input/output controll in tests. Added possibility to move between 
locations

Version 0.02.000
----------------

[Content]
Item managenet was added. Items can be stored in locations and taken by the player.
Items could be created and destroyed. Location cache was added to object factory
to keep locations alife and to allow storing items at locations. ECEX command 
was added to allow different execution scenarios depending on items. Examples
was refactored and reordered. Handbook with 2 lessions was added to project. 
Starting scripts (Windows) was added to simplify running different games.

Version 0.03.000
----------------

[functionality]
Actions conditions and property management. Debug support allowing dumping objects 
and tracing execution chain of responsibility

[Content]
Full access to properties - named integer values (0..9999) which could be attached 
to different contexts - location, realm, player and items. Properties can be tested 
switching on and off different versions of actions. Also debug support is added and 
the output terminal is colored using ANSI terminal codes. Previous terminal is still 
available in the code.
Handbook was prepared up to 4-th lession, however lecture presentation is not yet ready



